c:\users\abhad\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GUIFramework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\GUIFramework.exe
c:\users\abhad\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GUIFramework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\GUIFramework.pdb
c:\users\abhad\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GUIFramework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\abhad\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GUIFramework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\abhad\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GUIFramework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\abhad\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GUIFramework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\abhad\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GUIFramework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\abhad\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GUIFramework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\abhad\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GUIFramework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\abhad\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GUIFramework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\abhad\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GUIFramework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\abhad\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GUIFramework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\abhad\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GUIFramework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\abhad\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GUIFramework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\abhad\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GUIFramework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\abhad\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GUIFramework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\abhad\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GUIFramework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\abhad\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GUIFramework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\abhad\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GUIFramework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\abhad\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GUIFramework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\abhad\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GUIFramework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\abhad\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GUIFramework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\abhad\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GUIFramework\GUIFramework\obj\x86\Debug\GUIFramework.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\abhad\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GUIFramework\GUIFramework\obj\x86\Debug\GUIFramework.exe
c:\users\abhad\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GUIFramework\GUIFramework\obj\x86\Debug\GUIFramework.pdb
c:\users\abhad\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GUIFramework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Default_Font.xnb
C:\Users\abhad\Source\Repos\INF-DEV-GUI-Framework\GUIFramework\obj\x86\Debug\GUIFramework.exe
C:\Users\abhad\Source\Repos\INF-DEV-GUI-Framework\GUIFramework\obj\x86\Debug\GUIFramework.pdb
C:\Users\abhad\Source\Repos\INF-DEV-GUI-Framework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Default_Font.xnb
C:\Users\abhad\Source\Repos\INF-DEV-GUI-Framework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\GUIFramework.exe
C:\Users\abhad\Source\Repos\INF-DEV-GUI-Framework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\GUIFramework.pdb
C:\Users\abhad\Source\Repos\INF-DEV-GUI-Framework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\abhad\Source\Repos\INF-DEV-GUI-Framework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\abhad\Source\Repos\INF-DEV-GUI-Framework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\abhad\Source\Repos\INF-DEV-GUI-Framework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\abhad\Source\Repos\INF-DEV-GUI-Framework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\abhad\Source\Repos\INF-DEV-GUI-Framework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\abhad\Source\Repos\INF-DEV-GUI-Framework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\abhad\Source\Repos\INF-DEV-GUI-Framework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\abhad\Source\Repos\INF-DEV-GUI-Framework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\abhad\Source\Repos\INF-DEV-GUI-Framework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\abhad\Source\Repos\INF-DEV-GUI-Framework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\abhad\Source\Repos\INF-DEV-GUI-Framework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\abhad\Source\Repos\INF-DEV-GUI-Framework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\abhad\Source\Repos\INF-DEV-GUI-Framework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\abhad\Source\Repos\INF-DEV-GUI-Framework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\abhad\Source\Repos\INF-DEV-GUI-Framework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\abhad\Source\Repos\INF-DEV-GUI-Framework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\abhad\Source\Repos\INF-DEV-GUI-Framework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\abhad\Source\Repos\INF-DEV-GUI-Framework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\abhad\Source\Repos\INF-DEV-GUI-Framework\GUIFramework\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\abhad\Source\Repos\INF-DEV-GUI-Framework\GUIFramework\obj\x86\Debug\GUIFramework.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
